v0.1.10 (#11)
rapdev-io/datadog-secret-backend: docs/aws/README.md

In most cases, you'll need to specify `aws_region` to correspond to the region hosting the target Parameter Store (aws.ssm) or Secrets Manager (aws.secrets) secret.

> When handling single strings, the ForceString (true) will coerce secrets as strings. All input will be interpreted as strings regardless of valid JSON. The secretId will get coerced as _ and will access DD with the backendID and its secret using the ENC[] notation.

Author: ```suggestion
When handling single strings, the backend configuration setting `force_string: true` will coerce the secret as a string value. As a result, there will be a single secretId of `_` for the backend and can be accessed in the Datadog Agent yaml as `ENC[{backendId}:_]`.
```
